auth/jwt: surface OIDC discovery errors during configuration (#3574)
openbao/openbao: changelog/3574.txt

```release-note:improvement

> auth/oidc: Return error messages for `oidc_discovery_url` validation errors (like bad issuer) from the underlying library .

Reviewer: I've left an empty space there at the end, sorry. Also probably we could shorten it to:

```suggestion
auth/oidc: Return `oidc_discovery_url` validation errors (like bad issuer) from the underlying library.
```

> auth/oidc: error message for oidc_discovery_url now came from the underlying library so we have more details on what's wrong (bad issuer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
auth/oidc: Return error messages for `oidc_discovery_url` validation errors (like bad issuer) from the underlying library .
```
